How to Play
AGE: 21+ (drinking involved)	
Amount of Cards	369
Monster Cards	52 Different Monster, total of 260.
Item Cards	109
Boss Fights	12
	
Object	
Be the party that defeats the most bosses within an hour and a half, or when all bosses have been defeated

Party Setup	
3-5 people on each team + 1 Moogle

Moogles	
Moogles are on each team to enforce the rules of the game, and ensure that each party is playing each card.
	- Moogles cannot help their teams
	- Moogles will be in charge of conducting boss fights and refereeing them
	- They are not team members.
	- When a party wins, their moogle loses.
	- If a party loses, their moogle wins.
	- Moogles who lose have to bring the winning moogle drinks for the next hour.
	- If a moogle tries to sabotage a team, they are a bad Moogle and shall be shunned and cannot actually win the game.
	- Moogles will carry around a bottle of their team's choice of booze in which the moogle will give out shots when required

Party Members
	Each member in the party will carry their drink of choice with them, this will be needed... frequently.
	
Winning Prize	
The winning team gets to give out a shot to every other player.  The winning team may choose the shot.
	In the case of a tie, a tie challenge will be conducted.
	In the case of DDs, the losing DD's will have to wear a bell around their neck, instead of taking a shot.
	
Game Play	
Each team meanders around the yard looking for colored envelopes.  In each envelope is at least 1 card, either a monster, an item or both.
	When you find 4 different monsters, you may go to the garage and your moogle will conduct your boss challenge. Pick a boss card from the pile, when you are done, keep your boss card.  When all bosses are defeated the game is over.
	Your party must stick together at all times(unless a card says otherwise)
	Keep all your cards, you may need them.  Including the monsters.  You may place the envelopes in a bucket in the garage.
	if a party memers dies, he can be revived with a phoenix down,(a dead player is no longer cursed) if they are cursed they can be cured with an elixir, these items are found in envelopes.
	A cursed party member can only have 1 curse at at time, and it cannot be replaced with another curse.  If all party members are cursed, the next curse goes to the party member that has been cursed te longest and their last curse is no longer in effect.